en/Front_Matter.md, before:

A FIRST LOOK AT DIGITAL SECURITY

as of February 2018

--------------

This Access Now booklet was created by Kim Burton and Anqi Li.

![Access Now image]

Access Now is an international organization that defends and extends the digital rights of users at risk around the world. By
combining innovative policy, user engagement, and direct technical support, we fight for open and secure communications for all.

For more information or assistance, please contact info@accessnow.org. For digital security assistance, contact help@accessnow.org or visit https://www.accessnow.org/help

![CC-BY-NC image]

This work is provided under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License. To access the full legal text of this licence, please visit https://creativecommons.org/
licenses/by-nc/4.0/

--------------

This booklet is made to help you identify what you might have to protect in your digital world. Read in its entirety, you will find each persona has characteristics you may share, or fears you might have heard before. These cartoon animals are not made to be the focus; it is the threats they face and solutions they suggest that are important. 

We present here only the beginning of the conversation: a place to start. If you are interested in implementing the solutions, or want to ask questions about your personal context and challenges, contact the Access Now Digital Security Helpline at help@accessnow.org, or visit the resources listed on the back of the book.

Commit message:

add link to github, add Flo and Michael

en/Front_Matter.md, after:

A FIRST LOOK AT DIGITAL SECURITY

as of February 2018

--------------

This Access Now booklet was created by Kim Burton, Anqi Li, Floriana Pagano, and Michael Carbone.

![Access Now image]

Access Now is an international organization that defends and extends the digital rights of users at risk around the world. By
combining innovative policy, user engagement, and direct technical support, we fight for open and secure communications for all.

For more information or assistance, please contact info@accessnow.org. For digital security assistance, contact help@accessnow.org or visit https://www.accessnow.org/help

![CC-BY-NC image]

This work is provided under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License. To access the full legal text of this licence, please visit https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/. You can contribute directly to the content at https://github.com/AccessNow/A-First-Look-at-Digital-Security/.

--------------

This booklet is made to help you identify what you might have to protect in your digital world. Read in its entirety, you will find each persona has characteristics you may share, or fears you might have heard before. These cartoon animals are not made to be the focus; it is the threats they face and solutions they suggest that are important. 

We present here only the beginning of the conversation: a place to start. If you are interested in implementing the solutions, or want to ask questions about your personal context and challenges, contact the Access Now Digital Security Helpline at help@accessnow.org, or visit the resources listed on the back of the book.
