en/Julío the Civil Rights Defender.md, before:

# Julio, the Civil Rights Defender
\* Julio’s preferred gender pronoun is he/him/his.

Julio works at a civil rights NGO. Though he does not work directly with clients, he knows his personal habits protect his co-workers and, thus, the clients as well. Julio works very hard to ensure his **security hygiene** is quite good to responsibly care for his organization.

What needs protecting?
- Financial information, both donors and employees
- Contact lists of partners and clients
- Integrity and trust the organization has built
- Private documents, like client statements and advocacy strategies

Julio is vulnerable during his frequent travels due to unprotected wi-fi connections, border checks, and multiple hotels he stays in. He has an open and helpful nature, which may make him trust others too quickly. His organization is widely known for its work, and he is their public face, often being contacted by strangers for assistance or advice. 

To mitigate these vulnerabilities:
- Julio **keeps software up-to-date**.
- He has a **password manager** where he generates **unique, strong passwords** with over 30 characters, never using words that can be found in dictionaries, but including numbers and special characters.
- When on shared or unknown wi-fi (like a cafe), Julio uses a trusted **Virtual Private Network (VPN)** to encrypt his connection to the internet.
- When reading email, Julio **uses caution in opening unexpected links or attachments**, unless he has verified the senders’ identity by calling or messaging them.
- When crossing country borders, Julio turns off his computer to ensure his **full-disk encryption** is active to prevent unauthorized access to his information.
- He remembers what is posted outside of work can hurt the NGO as well. He employs **mindful posting** to ensure what he publishes on his personal accounts cannot be used against him (wary of posting locations, specific dates, home addresses, etc.).

Commit message:

added mention of Diceware
see https://github.com/florianap/A-First-Look-at-Digital-Security/issues/3

en/Julío the Civil Rights Defender.md, after:

# Julio, the Civil Rights Defender
\* Julio’s preferred gender pronoun is he/him/his.

Julio works at a civil rights NGO. Though he does not work directly with clients, he knows his personal habits protect his co-workers and, thus, the clients as well. Julio works very hard to ensure his **security hygiene** is quite good to responsibly care for his organization.

What needs protecting?
- Financial information, both donors and employees
- Contact lists of partners and clients
- Integrity and trust the organization has built
- Private documents, like client statements and advocacy strategies

Julio is vulnerable during his frequent travels due to unprotected wi-fi connections, border checks, and multiple hotels he stays in. He has an open and helpful nature, which may make him trust others too quickly. His organization is widely known for its work, and he is their public face, often being contacted by strangers for assistance or advice. 

To mitigate these vulnerabilities:
- Julio **keeps software up-to-date**.
- He has a **password manager** where he generates **unique, strong passwords** with over 20 characters, never using words that can be found in dictionaries, but including numbers and special characters.
- To secure his password manager with a passphrase that is strong and easy to remember at the same time, he has created a 6-word passphrase using the **Diceware method**.
- When on shared or unknown wi-fi (like a cafe), Julio uses a trusted **Virtual Private Network (VPN)** to encrypt his connection to the internet.
- When reading email, Julio **uses caution in opening unexpected links or attachments**, unless he has verified the senders’ identity by calling or messaging them.
- When crossing country borders, Julio turns off his computer to ensure his **full-disk encryption** is active to prevent unauthorized access to his information.
- He remembers what is posted outside of work can hurt the NGO as well. He employs **mindful posting** to ensure what he publishes on his personal accounts cannot be used against him (wary of posting locations, specific dates, home addresses, etc.).
