en/Maya the Activist.md, before:

# Maya, the Activist
\* Maya’s preferred gender pronoun is they/them/their.

Maya is an activist and blogger who calls attention to the effect of rising ocean temperatures on coast-dwelling penguins. Not
everyone agrees with Maya’s work, and their online accounts are often at risk of hacking and defacement.

Recently, tensions have increased and Maya is concerned about someone stealing their devices. They have decided to encrypt all
hard drives to better ensure the safety of their information.

What Needs Protecting?
- Research and data, contained on hard drives
- Online accounts
- Communications with other activists

Carefully cultivated over years of work, Maya’s online social media accounts and blog are their life. Their integrity is of the utmost importance to them, their readers, and their contacts.

Important research, data, and plans are kept on Maya’s hard drives, and they fear that they could fall into unfriendly hands. 

To mitigate these vulnerabilities:
- All of their online accounts are guarded by **two-factor authentication**.
- Maya keeps track of what computers have accessed their accounts, and from where, with the **security checkups** offered by Google and Facebook.
- **Strong passwords** are employed on all accounts: over 20 characters, all unique, with numbers and special characters. To remember and manage all these passwords, Maya uses a **Password Manager**, which they access through a passphrase generated with the Diceware method.
- Maya ensures all of their devices have **full-disk encryption** enabled.
- They **encrypt all sensitive files**, also in external media like flash drives and hard drives.
- Maya **expands short URLs** they find on social media in order to know in advance where links are going to take them.
- They employ **encrypted chat** to organize events and gatherings.

Commit message:

added note on privacy enhancing browser extensions
privacy enhancing browser extensions - see https://github.com/florianap/A-First-Look-at-Digital-Security/issues/1

en/Maya the Activist.md, after:

# Maya, the Activist
\* Maya’s preferred gender pronoun is they/them/their.

Maya is an activist and blogger who calls attention to the effect of rising ocean temperatures on coast-dwelling penguins. Not
everyone agrees with Maya’s work, and their online accounts are often at risk of hacking and defacement.

Recently, tensions have increased and Maya is concerned about someone stealing their devices. They have decided to encrypt all
hard drives to better ensure the safety of their information.

What Needs Protecting?
- Research and data, contained on hard drives
- Online accounts
- Communications with other activists

Carefully cultivated over years of work, Maya’s online social media accounts and blog are their life. Their integrity is of the utmost importance to them, their readers, and their contacts.

Important research, data, and plans are kept on Maya’s hard drives, and they fear that they could fall into unfriendly hands. 

To mitigate these vulnerabilities:
- All of their online accounts are guarded by **two-factor authentication**.
- Maya keeps track of what computers have accessed their accounts, and from where, with the **security checkups** offered by Google and Facebook.
- They use **privacy enhancing browser extensions** to avoid **website visitor tracking**, which may reveal some of her interests.
- **Strong passwords** are employed on all accounts: over 20 characters, all unique, with numbers and special characters. To remember and manage all these passwords, Maya uses a **Password Manager**, which they access through a passphrase generated with the Diceware method.
- Maya ensures all of their devices have **full-disk encryption** enabled.
- They **encrypt all sensitive files**, also in external media like flash drives and hard drives.
- Maya **expands short URLs** they find on social media in order to know in advance where links are going to take them.
- They employ **encrypted chat** to organize events and gatherings.
